Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
I need to know
if she's smiling or crying.
I should see that before I go.
I need to find her soon.
I don't have time.
It'd be better if I didn't remember.
I had someone by my side,
no matter what happened.
- Not you.
- Are you okay?
There she is.
My savior, my hero.
The pillar of my life...
I told you not to fight!
Why don't you listen to me?
I told you, they started it first!
I got it!
You don't feel sorry, do you?
Mister, I need your gun.
- Give it to me!
- Why are you doing this?
You don't feel bad for what you did!
I feel bad!
She was my pillar,
and she was strong, too.
I could only count on her.
Big Sis.
Don't tell Mom and Dad.
My big sister.
Even when I lied about a school trip
to go on vacation with my girlfriend...
Big Sis, don't tell Mom and Dad.
Don't tell my parents either.
Ouch.
And even when she fabricated
my failed report card.
Big Sis, don't tell Mom and Dad, okay?
And when I got into an accident
with my dad's car.
Bis Sis, don't tell Mom and Dad...
- She was loyal.
- Gosh, seriously.
- I'm going to study abroad.
- And she was stubborn too.
Are you crazy?
You're not going to study!
You're running off with a man!
I can get my PhD.
I can come back to be a professor.
Who in your field would
get their PhD in France?
Was it that punk's idea? Did he
convince you? Tell him to come here!
Why do you keep calling him a punk?
If his mom called me a wench,
would you be happy?
- You've really lost it.
- Her perfect reasoning.
The queen of inductive reasoning.
Is that the right expression?
So, is it the man
you're fated to be with?
- No.
- It's not?
I thought the fortune tellers
told you it was fated.
Fate doesn't exist in this world.
Fate is what I choose for my future.
I'm leaving tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
- If she hadn't said that...
You'd better not tell Mom and Dad.
If I hadn't heard that...
You're so frustrating.
You should have told your family.
How could you keep that a secret?
- I trusted her.
- That's how you fall for it.
Jesus died because he was
stabbed in the back by his pupil.
Although, he came back alive.
But she's still my big sister.
My sister would never so anything bad.
[It will all work out,
as long as you don't mess up again.]
I'm here.
Have you finished crying?
When did you get here?
Before you started crying.
This situation and this feeling.
I'm relieved I'm not alone.
I feel like someone's holding on to me.
But...
I'm so embarrassed.
What are you looking at? Go away!
Sure, I'll go.
Don't go.
Okay, I won't.
I told you to go.
Don't stay here,
but don't leave, either.
Are you all right?
I'm sorry. I have good reflexes.
I was an athlete.
If you have good reflexes,
shouldn't you have caught me?
You avoided me
so you could save yourself.
I'm sorry. I'll catch you next time.
That's okay. I don't trust men.
Why don't you trust men?
Men aren't people you can trust.
My friend told me something else.
There are two types of women
in this world.
Women you shouldn't trust,
and women you can't trust.
Women can't be trusted.
- Why not?
- I'm not sure.
Maybe he doesn't understand women.
Women don't trust men because
they know them too well.
We don't trust each other because
we don't know you, but you know us.
That's why relationships are tragic.
Just like Romeo and Juliet.
Wasn't it a tragedy because they died?
It would have been
more tragic if they lived.
Juliet was 14 and Romeo was 17.
Imagine if they got married.
What do kids know?
And on top of that,
their parents didn't get along.
They might have been happier
because they died.
It's not right to say
they were happy they died.
You shouldn't say that
at an angel's feet.
Your results are the same.
It must be your fate.
You'll meet your eternal love
at an angel's feet.
At an angel's feet?
Your eternal love is at an angel's feet.
You will end up meeting your
eternal love at an angel's feet.
I came because I want to know
where the angel's feet are.
Angel? We don't worship angels.
Where are the angel's feet?
I wouldn't know.
It's over there.
Saint Michael the Archangel.
It's a little far though.
If we go up there,
we'll be at an angel's feet.
So So?
- Yes?
- Can we go up there?
No, we can't.
- Is it off limits?
- Yes.
They kept it closed for safety
and cultural preservation.
They don't plan to open it
in the future either.
That's too bad. I wanted to see it.
I have to go back to Korea tomorrow.
- Tomorrow?
- There's work at the office.
Will I be able to
exchange my plane tickets?
It's possible, but you can't
get a refund for the trip.
It doesn't matter. It's my fault
for coming when I shouldn't have.
Anyway, tonight is
my last night in France.
Would you like a glass of wine?
Where? The bars are all closed.
- They sell wine at the hotel here.
- A hotel?
Just the two of us?
Is there... anyone else around?
I'll pay for the wine. Wait here, okay?
There's no way.
No way.
This isn't right.
That's okay. I do this sometimes
when I have travelers I connect with.
- Really?
- Of course.
- Don't feel burdened.
- How could I not?
Why do you feel burdened?
Man, woman, hotel, night, alcohol.
It's the perfect five.
What would follow after that?
What are you saying? Follow me!
Everywhere is closed,
so this is the only place to get wine.
Are you a pervert who
only thinks about those things?
Wait! Wait for me!
Yes.
You know how So So
has a strong personality.
That girl stole her parents' cash
and card to run away from home.
- How could she go back?
- I stole them.
My sister doesn't know how to do that.
My sister didn't know
there were cards and cash in there.
Come here.
Stay safe.
Younger brothers usually say this.
"If you make my sister cry, you're dead."
I won't. Don't worry.
But you should worry.
If you make her cry,
I'll really kill you.
You must feel safe with him.
- I'll go now.
- Bye.
Bye.
Hey, look here.
Cherish that. French wine is expensive.
If she left like that, she should have
lived happily. I got a call from her.
She cried without saying anything,
so I yelled at her.
I told her to stop crying,
and that I'd kill her if she didn't.
I didn't know that'd become
our last phone call.
Hey, you should have come
to France to look for her back then.
I wasn't able to.
Why are you crying? I told him I'd kill
him if you cried! Why are you crying?
It's because of that bastard, right?
Where is he?
Where is that son of a bitch?
Geez, good thing
you didn't try to run off.
I tried. I tried to hop the wall
of the military unit, but got caught.
That Bae Young Goo abandoned my
sister after he got a position in Korea.
- I couldn't stay still.
- Listen to me.
There are countless people
in similar situations in this country.
That's why French movies...
are really boring.
By the way... where is my sister?
I will give you some advice
as an older brother figure.
This is the most important thing
you should do as family.
You should wait for her.
Wait for her quietly,
without a word. Why?
Family will come back eventually.
Except my wife.
- She still hasn't come back.
- Have a drink.
It's normal to cry sometimes
when living abroad.
It's common.
I miss my friends and family.
You said you don't have a family.
That's why I miss them more.
Ma Ru, why did you come alone?
Just because. Why did you buy that whip?
Why did you bring women's lingerie?
Who was that man who chased you down?
Why do you take selfies
with that expression?
Did you immigrate to France?
- Why are you going back all of a sudden?
- When are you going back to Korea?
Drink your wine.
Our Han So Ran...
What are you thinking about?
You scared me.
So Ran, we came all the way to France.
Let's be more romantic.
Fine, kiss.
- I won't do it then.
- Fine, I'll do it.
Gosh, I was almost done.
Couldn't you wait?
I heard the sunrise is beautiful here.
Let's go see it tomorrow morning.
- But she told us to stay together.
- It'll only be for a moment.
Hey, what if you get lost?
You can't speak English.
I can speak everyday English.
Fine, let's go.
If we want to see the sunrise,
we should sleep early.
Just like French lovers...
- I... need to poop.
- What?
Poop.
Let me down. Let me down.
I didn't go for three days.
It's here. I should go when I can.
Yeah.
You should go when you can.
Hey, you were too tired last night,
and you have to poop tonight.
How could you be like that
after coming all the way here?
Is it hard to hold it in?
Hand me my cell phone. I'm bored.
Sure.
Geez.
Hey, I'm not going to see the sunrise!
Why are you getting annoyed?
Can't you just cheer me on?
I don't know!
- I don't want to fight over poop.
- I can't focus!
That woman. Damn it.
One, two, three!
This is one of the places where you can
see the beauty of Mont Saint-Michel.
It's because of the panorama view.
The tide comes in twice a day
near the monastery.
There was sand buildup
so environmental conservation
built this deck.
- Should I jump?
- No.
We'll head to the monastery
after you finish taking pictures.
Mont Saint-Michel's history
goes back 1,300 years.
It's the only place that wasn't
affected by the English army
during the Hundred Years' War
between France and England.
That's why it's a sacred place
for French people
as well as their pride.
Wow, it'd be nice
to grill some meat here.
I wish you'd stop saying that.
Almost all Korean visitors
only come here for a day.
- But we'll be here for two days.
- This place must be big.
This place must be big.
No. It's small, but it's very beautiful.
We'll take a look around as a group
today, and freely tomorrow.
Do you see the bronze statue
on top of the church?
I don't see it.
- I don't see it.
- Yes.
The statue that is hard to see
is Saint Michael the Archangel.
The bishop said he was ordered
to build this monastery in his dream.
First, he didn't listen
because it was just a dream.
But it showed up again,
and the third time he dreamt it
he pressed his forehead
because he didn't want to listen.
And that finger sparked,
which woke him up from his dream.
A similar legend was told in Italy
in the fourth century...
There are many legends like that.
There are many all over the world.
That's when they began
to build the monastery.
The most beautiful product of
God's revelation and human belief
is Mont Saint-Michel.
Let's go inside.
Hurry up.
Is that real gold?
- Look at them.
- Why?
- There's something up between them.
- What do you mean?
There is. I'm sure of it. I smell it.
Hey, you smell worse. Go take a poop.
- You...
- Hello?
Geez, Big Brother.
Yes, I'm in France. Yes.
What happened with my ticket?
I told my company I'd be back today.
They'll send a car at 1 p.m.,
so you can leave after lunch.
I'll check if it left yet.
But, is it so urgent that
you have to leave now?
It's because of work.
- The rest of your trip...
- I know, it's not refundable.
It's not that. Don't feel bad
about missing the rest of it.
If you do, it'll become your prison.
- I'm going to prison?
- No.
People tend to get stuck
in places they haven't been.
I heard that happens to people
who go back home midway.
Who the heck is calling me?
Hello, So So.
I checked the ticket exchange,
so don't forget to send the car by 1 p.m.
I got it. Did you tell him
it's not refundable?
Of course.
He agreed to pay for the ticket
processing fee and car rental.
I'm going to start the tour now.
- Boss.
- Yeah?
Where is she?
I think she's at Mont Saint-Michel.
There was a problem there.
I need to send a car by 1 p.m.
Got that?
Is she worth this effort?
She abandoned her family and ran away.
She's just as bad as that punk.
It's starting. Be quiet.
I'm quiet.
Hey, sit down.
Hey, you son of a bitch!
Hey!
Honey, stop him! Why are you here?
Where's my sister?
Where did you abandon her?
I said I'll kill you.
- Oh my goodness!
- Hey!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
- What's wrong with him?
- Hey!
If God let me kill two people
I'd kill this bastard twice.
Wait, how do I get to Mont Saint-Michel?
As I guide, I've heard this
the most often.
France is alive thanks
to their ancestors.
France earns a lot of money,
just from their cultural assets.
However, France is lucky to have
their descendants rather than ancestors.
The descendants' efforts to protect
and preserve everything
created the France that exists today.
With redevelopment and reconstruction
they prevented their history
from being destroyed.
A healthcare business started
during the Napoleonic era.
And at that time, a female chef
invented an omelet.
It became really famous,
and established it as her specialty.
We're going to have lunch here.
Shall we take a look around?
Is it good?
- Is it good or not?
- Stop it.
It's a world famous cuisine now
but they still use the methods
they used 128 years ago.
And they make it themselves.
[DF Ver] E04 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
- Take your time.
- Yes.
Hurry up!
We're almost there.
This is Bertrand du Guesclin's house.
It's a military official's house.
And it looks the same as it did
in the Middle Ages.
Bertrand du Guesclin's wife
was a fortune teller.
Before her husband went off to war
she read his fortune
to predict their outcome.
There's a movie that was a hit in Korea.
Have you seen "Mad Max"?
- Yes, I have.
- With whom?
Mind your own business.
You see this in that movie.
This is a chastity belt.
During the Crusades,
when the soldiers went off to war
they put these on their wives.
It was to prevent them
from cheating on them.
But they say the wives called
the locksmith to unlock it afterward.
Can people complete
their daily routine with that on?
I'm not sure. I haven't tried it.
Take some pictures, and meet me
at the entrance in 10 minutes.
- Yes.
- Who did you watch it with?
You don't have to know.
Why aren't they coming out?
We should hurry over to the next place
It hasn't been 10 minutes yet.
It's time, so he'll be out soon.
Geez, that punk.
Would you like to hear a funny story?
It's a legendary story around here.
Five years ago,
a visitor tried on the chastity belt.
Wh... what?
He must have been a curious person.
You know the kinds of people
who need to try it out themselves.
That's right.
But you mustn't put it on.
There's no key.
The police, mayor, and minister
came and caused a fuss.
But he had to keep it on for
five hours until the locksmith came.
Damn it.
They tried to take a picture with
the fool of Mont Saint-Michel's history
- but he ran away.
- He wasn't Korean, right?
- Thankfully not.
- That's a given.
It'd taint our reputation.
We need to head over
to our next destination.
He's late every time.
He's a repeat offender.
I'll be right back.
Geez, seriously.
Geez, seriously...
We need to get going.
Everyone is waiting.
- Pardon?
- Come down.
So So!
What is it?
- I'm sorry.
- That's okay. Come down.
Wait...
What are you doing? You should
look around and go back to Korea.
Help me.
You're driving me crazy.
Why did you put that on? What do we do?
Why isn't she coming back?
I'm sure she'll be back.
- Wait here. I'll go check.
- Hey, don't do that.
This vacation was too expensive
to waste time in the streets!
I'll go, sir.
There are a lot of stairs.
He's a good fellow.
People should be like him!
- Wait.
- Stay still.
I'll take it off.
- Why isn't it coming off?
- Go slowly.
Wait.
- Wait.
- Stay still.
I'll take it off.
- Why isn't it coming off?
- Go slowly.
Wait.
How did you do this? Gosh, seriously.
I think we can rip it off.
This is a 700-year-old cultural asset.
It's worth more than your house.
Let me see.
I saw this coming.
I knew you'd do this.
Gosh, seriously.
Hey!
Geez, damn it.
- Why are you alone?
- The thing is...
she told me not to tell anyone.
- Tell us what?
- Don't tell them I told you.
- He put it on!
- What?
That!
What?
He put it on as
the first Korean in history!
- The chastity belt?
- What?
Would you like to see?
Hurry up.
Stay in line!
Yes.
(In French)
Yes, yes.
You can't!
You can't dent it. I'm talking
to City Hall, so stay still.
Yes, yes...
You get into all sorts of trouble.
What does your father do?
Why are you asking him that?
- He's a public official.
- Where?
City Hall.
- I talked to City Hall.
- They can't take it off, right?
They will report it to the police.
Wow, seriously.
Turn to the right.
Turn to the left.
They finished taking the evidence photos.
Don't sit or lie down anywhere.
If you leave this place
with that on, you'll be arrested.
And they want to know why you did it.
Were you trying to steal it?
No, I just wanted to know how it felt.
Are you obsessed with female products
or do you have a unique sexual fantasy?
I'm not a pervert. Doesn't everyone
want to try it just once?
- No.
- Are you crazy?
- I'm not perverted.
Gosh, stop it.
You should be embarrassed.
I thought everyone felt that way.
The locksmith employed
by the cultural center is in Paris
so he'll be here in five hours.
Five hours?
I have to leave. Can't they hurry?
That's the best they can do.
They'd like to know if they can
take a few more pictures.
- Yes.
- Is it really okay?
Yes, it's fine.
Okay.
Wait, So So.
It takes four hours by car
to Mont Saint-Michel.
I'll be late if I take the bus or train.
If I take a taxi...
it'll cost between
600,000 won to 700,000 won.
I don't have time.
I don't have money, either.
Then, since we're all together by fate,
why don't we introduce ourselves?
Sir, why don't you go first
as the eldest?
Sure, I can do that.
We should introduce ourselves.
I'm the president of
a chicken and duck restaurant
called Gapyeong Garden.
I'm Oh Gab Soo.
You should clap, shouldn't you?
And this is my wife.
- I'm...
- Her name is Han Bok Ja.
She's the vice president
of Gapyeong Garden.
Our restaurant serves
native chicken and duck...
I already told them.
I'm sorry for many reasons.
Please visit our restaurant.
I currently work at Cooperate,
and my name is Jung Yeon Sung.
- And she's...
- Cooperate?
Isn't that a forwarding company?
You know our field.
You sent two containers to Africa
earlier in the year, right?
I think we sent more than
100 containers...
- Pharmaceutical containers.
- Pharmaceuticals?
World Pharmaceuticals.
Yes.
I didn't expect to meet the best here.
We promise optimal service
with sincerity and courtesy.
I'm the head chief of Cooperate,
Jung Yeon Sung.
Please look favorably upon me.
Yes, I'm... one moment.
I'm San Ma Ru.
Wow, this man works at the top
pharmaceutical company in our country.
World Pharmaceuticals. He works in
strategic planning. The best of the best.
He's San Ma Ru.
Give him a round of applause.
Call me.
Chastity Belt King
of World Pharmaceuticals.
What the heck is this?
A real-time report of social media posts
with our company tagged in them.
I know that!
It says World Pharmaceuticals
released the Chastity Belt King!
What's wrong with this bastard?
Why did he go there to do this?
How did you teach your juniors?
- I apologize.
- Geez.
How do I turn this off?
Byung Sae, what's wrong with you?
How didn't you get my permission first?
Real-time social media reports
need to be gathered in real time.
I told you to report to me first!
I apologize. I won't do that again.
[World Pharmaceuticals
released the Chastity Belt King.]
Hello, I'm Kim Kyung Jae.
I operate a small company.
Are you the boss? You succeeded.
Yes, well...
This is my girlfriend.
I'm Han So Ran. I'm a company employee.
- Your name is noisy too.
- Pardon?
Your face is pretty, just like your name.
You should visit our
restaurant some time.
Okay.
Yeah, it's me.
- What are you doing right now?
- I booked a flight for tonight
but something came up.
That's your problem. Why do you always
get into trouble? Get yourself together!
What's wrong?
That's my question.
Is this the time to play?
Who's playing?
I said I'm going back.
Ma Ru, I'll make myself clear.
I love you. You're the only one.
- I feel the same way.
- But...
I can't be with someone...
who gave up on his future.
What do you mean?
It seems like you gave up on your future.
Get yourself together! I'm hanging up!
Damn it!
Please eat lunch first,
and freely look around today.
I need to stay here as his testifier.
Of course, you should do that.
We should consider his situation.
That's strange. Why are you
considering his situation?
It's the person who matters,
not our tour.
It looks good on you.
Thank you.
Talk to me later, okay?
And don't tell anyone
you're Korean. It's embarrassing.
Okay.
- Let's go down.
- Yes.
- I'm sorry.
- Wait here for a moment.
Watch your head. It's this way.
Yes.
Can we leave him up there alone?
That's okay. I'll be back.
- Wow, look at this.
- Wow.
We'll continue our schedule
tomorrow morning.
That's okay.
We should help each other out.
You're right. The workers
in the area went on strike last year
so the public transportation
into Mont Saint-Michel was cut off.
But the people who earn money
from the visitors supported the strike.
I realized that people understand
each other's situations in France.
But they shouldn't have gone on strike.
The economy keeps the country alive
and we need to country for us to live.
- Yes.
- Strikes are the problem.
Am I wrong?
I'll get going first.
Wait...
- Enjoy your food.
- How do I eat this? Try it.
Try it.
Aren't you hungry?
I didn't bring you anything.
I don't have the right to eat.
It's not that. I don't want to
make you go to the washroom.
I don't know why I came to France.
I shouldn't have come all the way here.
I feel that way too.
I don't know why I came here.
Why?
We all regret our past choices.
I understand.
All the choices we've made
were made when we were younger.
Whether it was 10 years ago
or 10 minutes ago, we were younger.
Is that why you put that on?
Were you too young to know better?
We don't know everything
from just guessing.
I make a lot of mistakes
from trying everything
but I'm not embarrassed.
- Is it the locksmith?
- No, they're tourists.
There are people up there.
Should we check it out?
- Are there lots of them?
- Yes.
- Men?
- Women.
- It's narrow.
- It is.
It's fascinating.
- What's that?
- It's a chastity belt.
- What do we do?
- Go and ask him.
- Is he Korean?
- Yeah, I think so.
Are you Korean?
I guess he's not.
- He must be a pervert.
- Take a picture.
Wait, no, no.
I'm sorry.
Could you take a picture for me?
- Sure.
- Yeah?
Smile.
I'll take it in one, two, kimchi!
- Thank you.
- Have a nice day.
Ma Ru.
Gosh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry.
- Is something the matter?
- It's nothing.
Then what's wrong?
- Why are you being like that again?
- Again?
You were too mad to talk last night.
All you did today was talk on the phone.
- It's because of work.
- I thought nothing was wrong.
- Let's stop.
- Stop what?
Can't we walk around quietly?
Do you want to fight in France?
What did I do?
- Let's go.
- Where?
I don't care. Are we going to stay here?
- Can you stop acting that way?
- Let's stop.
Let's try to stay in a good mood.
- I'm going back.
- Where?
The hotel. My head hurts.
Fine, go back.
Take it.
You worked overtime before
your vacation. Would you like a ride?
- No, that's okay.
- I'll give you a ride.
- Where do you live?
- You can drop me off at the station.
We might have to go
all the way to your neighborhood.
I have something to say.
What is it?
[President]
Don't you have to answer
the president's call?
- I can get yelled at tomorrow.
- What if it's important?
Our time together right now
is more important.
I'll tell you.
I'm going to propose to you
when you get back from France
Let's date.
This is annoying.
So Ran, I'm sorry. I'll be right there...
[Big Brother Kim Min Ki]
Yes, Big Brother.
Why are you calling at this hour?
Yes.
The investment...
It might not work out?
I can't go back to Seoul, can I?
You missed it a long time ago.
It's all getting messed up. I got into
problems since I left for this trip.
I asked for a flight tomorrow evening.
I don't know.
What problem will I run into
tomorrow? Will I be able to leave?
I might be fated to
run into these problems.
Don't believe in fate. It doesn't exist.
What do you mean? I believe in fate.
I think fate depends on our feelings.
It's fate if we feel that way.
If we don't feel that way, it's not.
I don't feel like this is fate at all.
But here I am.
- The locksmith is here.
- Is he here?
But I was called to meet the mayor,
so I have to go.
- The mayor of this place?
- Yes.
I don't know why he would
ask to speak to a guide.
- Do you think it's bad?
- I don't think it's good.
I'll be back.
Hello. I'm a travel guide
at Eurobike Tour. I'm Yoon So So.
It's a pleasure. I'm the mayor
of Mont Saint-Michel.
Welcome to Mont Saint-Michel.
Can we talk for a moment?
The photo?
Yes, this tourist could have
damaged our cultural asset
so we kept this photo as evidence.
I see.
We will use this photo however we want,
because it belongs to us.
We will display this photo in an article.
It will become a clear message
to other travelers.
Why do you have to go this far?
We want even our
warning messages to have history.
This is Mont Saint-Michel, after all.
But this person might feel ashamed
for the rest of his life.
In return, we will open the stairs
to the angel's feet, just for you.
If you know history, you'll understand.
We've never opened the path
to the angel's feet to anyone.
And we won't after this time.
You could say this man opened
the path to the angel's feet.
Your fortune is the same.
It must be your fate.
You will meet your eternal love
at an angel's feet.
Where are the angel's feet?
I wouldn't know.
It's up there.
Saint Michael the Archangel.
I don't know where that is.
How can I meet him?
Don't worry.
This person will open the path
to the angel's feet.
Did you meet the mayor?
Did you run here?
Is something the matter?
So So.
Who are you?
Pardon?
Who... are you?
Subtitles by DramaFever
I'll fight him, beg him, or drag
him away. I'll try everything I can.
San Ma Ru, you can go
to the airport. I'll see you tomorrow.
I thought about it. I'm not
dating you because I love you.
I'm too scared to break up with you.
Should we break up?
I managed to run away, but I'm told
that I'll meet my fated love here.
At the bronze statue
of Saint Michael the Archangel.
You'll meet a cool man,
even if you don't believe in fate.
Because you're a cool woman.